It's done (100%) (#1493)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.14/migration-guides/11278_Fix_fit_canvas_to_parent.md

> `Window::fit_canvas_to_parent` was removed in 0.13, but that ended up being problematic because many users depended on its behavior when they could not customize the CSS. It is now re-added to account for this need.

Reviewer: Took me a bit to realize this is for WASM builds and not about bevy UI.

```suggestion
`Window::fit_canvas_to_parent` (expanding the canvas bevy is drawing to in a WASM/web build) was removed in 0.13. That was problematic because many users depended on its behavior when they could not customize the CSS. It is now re-added to account for this need.
```
